It is safe since it is on a sidewalk, and is far from any person and the pole. It is not on grass.
This looks good since it is on a sidewalk, and is far from the approaching person and the pole.
This is not safe since it is not far from bushes, even though its on a sidewalk.
It seems reasonable since it is on a sidewalk, far from the pole, and is not in the way.
This is safe as it is on a sidewalk, is not in front of the entrance, and is just far enough from the bushes.
It seems reasonable since it is on a sidewalk, far from the pole, and is not in the way.
It seems good since it is on a sidewalk, far from the pole and the person, and is not in the way.
This is also safe as it is on a sidewalk, and far from bushes, pole, and the barricade.
Looks safe to me as on a sidewalk, and far from tree and the pole.
Surely this is safe as it is pretty far from the board, and is on a sidewalk.
Not safe as it is too close to car, even though on a sidewalk.
Even though it is on a sidewalk and is not in the way, it is unsafe since it is too close to the bushes.
Not safe because it is on speedway and also because it is too close to the board.
Unsafe as not far from the car, even if it is on a sidewalk.
Unsafe as it is in the way, even though it is on a sidewalk.
It is safe because it is on a sidewalk, and is far from the bushes and not in front of the staircase.
It is safe because it is on a sidewalk, and is far from the pole, the person, and not in the way.
Not safe because too close to the person, even though on the sidewalk.
It is on sidewalk, but not safe as in front of the staircase.
It is not safe because it is in front of entrance, even though on a sidewalk.
Unsafe as even though not in front of entrance and on tiles, it is not far from the wall.
Safe as on sidewalk, and far from the bushes, and the car.
Unsafe as even though on sidewalk, it is in front of the staircase.
On sidewalk, but is unsafe as it is in the way. It is not on speedway nor on the bricks area.
On sidewalk, but in the way and thus unsafe.
It is not safe because it is in front of entrance, even though on a sidewalk.
This is safe as it is on a sidewalk, is not in front of the entrance, and is just far enough from the bushes. It is also not in the way of the road and speedway merger.
Its safe as it is not too inclined, and is on a sidewalk.
It is in the way and thus unsafe, even though it is on a sidewalk.
